hi guys today I'm reviewing the Nintendo
2ds well-put Fox Nintendo two years
travel case yeah
so this is what it looks like from the
outside you've got the butter logo
in the bottom right side blue and black
they've got it in Toby got the Nintendo
one but he's getting one of these yeah
you get like a little thing that you can
attach on yes let's open it up it's
gonna be quite hard to do on home okay I
opened it up and there's my to do with
these you work to keep it nicely in
place it's got blue and black with the
balloon black case beside that you got
room for you games there so you get six
slots
I put normal DF ones in and no no 3d s
games and then was it you get a stylus
pen put under a in car charger and a in
car charger need put that there I'm
sorry didn't do an unboxing there's a
lot of stuff in the box so yeah I
couldn't really like share anything
oh yeah so that's what you get with it
the probably you probably want to put
them in there with you charge yeah
anything else and get two layers of like
a padding so you get the first layer
then you get like second layer
yeah yeah and you also get with a horse
my mind does actually need doing so
yeah so it's a really good case I'll
take my two dears out so you can see
what is so difficult if you've ever
tried to like do this with the wood
camera more hands it's really there yeah
three years yet the two little straps
got the case and get that was it which
is like fear hand yump some of my school
clothes so yes so this has been my
review of the butter Fox 2d s travel
pack
thanks a lot June it's out